Hello, I'm Andrew Maine and this is the
OpenAI podcast. Today our guests are
Christina Kim who's a research lead
working on post training at OpenAI and
Lentia Ramen who's a product manager
focused on model behavior. We're going
to be talking about GPT 5.1, what makes
the model better, how they've been
focusing on making its personality
steerable, and where they see things
headed in the future.
>> For the first time ever, all of the
models in chat are reasoning models.
Personality though for most of our users
I think is something much larger and
it's the whole experience of the model.
>> You should be able to get the experience
that you want with chat.
>> Part of the art here is figuring out how
to pull out these quirks of the model
that can come across as personality
without breaking steerability.
>> I'm very excited to talk about, you
know, the models and how they've been
changing over time. And using the word
model also feels sort of funny now
because they seem like there's so much
more. And everything starts really in
research. And when GPD 5.1 was being
planned, what were the goals?
>> Yeah, for us um one of the main goals
was to um address a lot of the feedback
we've been getting about GBT5, but also
um we've been doing a lot of work to
make the um 5.5 instant into a reasoning
model. So what the most exciting thing
for personally for me with the 5.1
release is that for the first time ever,
all of the models in chat are reasoning
models. So the model right now can
decide to think is kind of what we say
and say that's like a chain of thought.
Um and it'll decide how much it wants to
think based on a prompt. So if you're
just saying like hi to the model or
what's up it's not going to be thinking
but let's say you ask it a bit like
harder question um and then it'll can
decide how much it wants to think. So it
gives it time to like refine its answer
and work through things called tools if
necessary and then come back to give you
an answer.
>> Kind of what Daniel Conorman calls like
system one and system two thinking.
>> Yes. Having a reasoning model out for as
a default model for everyone just gets a
much smarter model and I think what's
much smarter models is you just get
improvements across the board especially
for things like instruction following um
and for a lot of the use cases people
might not even think um might require
much like reasoning um just that having
improved intelligence having the model
actually think before it responds in
certain queries just really helps. We
we've seen that improve eval across the
board.
>> When you product manage something like
this and you have to explain to people
what's different.
>> H
>> it's probably a challenge but how would
you explain what's the difference
between GPD5 and GPD 5.1?
>> Yeah, first of all it is difficult
because there's so much changing. Um but
in this case what we wanted to speak to
were things that we' heard as feedback
from the community with the Chad GBT5
launch. One of the things we heard was
that the model felt like it um had
weaker intuition and that it was less
warm. And when we dug into that, uh what
we found were a handful of different
things. First of all, it wasn't just how
the model was responding like as the
model's innate behavior, it was also
things around the model. So, as an
example, our model had a shorter or the
context window wasn't carrying enough
information about what users had said
previously. And so that can feel like
the model is forgetting something really
important that you told it that you were
hoping it would hold on to. Um if you
say I'm having a really bad day, and the
model forgets that after 10 turns, that
can feel really cold. Uh so that's
something we adjusted uh as part of this
launch. Uh some of it was actually the
way the model was responding. But
something new that we introduced in GPT5
as well was um we have this auto
switcher that would move you between
chat and reasoning models and those have
slightly different response styles and
that can feel really jarring or cold if
you're talking to the model about how
you're having a bad day and then you say
like part of it I got this awful cancer
diagnosis so the model switches you to
thinking um and you get a very clinical
answer for a model that was just sort of
like walking you through a problem you
were having earlier. Um and so a lot of
the changes we were actually trying to
make were in aggregate how do we make
sure this model feels warmer um even
though we were changing a lot under the
hood to articulate that. Another thing
that we looked into was instruction
following generally. So um 5.1 is much
better at following custom instructions
and that was another piece of feedback
we were hearing which was you know like
every model that comes out of uh uh that
we release is going to have its own
quirks and slightly different behaviors.
And I think people actually don't mind
that too much as long as they can
control it. As long as they can say
like, "Hey, that was weird. Stop." Um,
but if the model can't carry that
context forward, if it uh can't hold on
to the custom instructions on that,
that's a problem. So, we worked to
actually enhance uh the custom
instructions feature so that it more
consistently carries instructions
forward to address some of that
feedback. And then, like the last thing
I'll say is a lot of this stuff is
personal preference. And so that's why
we introduced our uh style and trait
type features like personality which
actually let users guide the model into
certain response formats so that they
have a little bit more control over
exactly how chat TV responds for them.
>> The switching is interesting because you
there's multiple models now it's just
not one model and and you you know
articulated why you need to have that.
when we talk about a switcher and we
talk about sort of different models, I
know for most people that can be kind of
confusing and how would you kind of
unpack that for people?
>> Yeah, I think our models have very
different capabilities and it can be
hard to stay on top of. Um, so part of
it is just continually like try the
different things in our app, but
certainly part of the product work is
making sure that we have the right UIs
to either guide users to the correct
model to choose um, and that can be the
model switchers. that can be the model
switcher learning um what sort of
answers are most helpful to users in
different contexts looking at different
evals. So for example um for our
reasoning models if people want
something that's very scientifically
accurate and very very detailed we might
look at an eval to see are we answering
that need uh on those sorts of prompts
and we can forecast where to switch
users to. Yeah,
>> Tina, as far as the switcher and now the
fact that you have a model that's
everybody has the free tier, anybody
using the base model is a reasoning
model. What does that really mean in
impact?
>> Yeah, I think there's a lot of research
um open questions for research for how
we want to think about this, right? So,
I think like you said, it's a faster
model, but it doesn't necessarily need
to be dumb. So, like I think the idea is
that we want to get the most intelligent
model that we can for everyone. And so
um I think we'll I think this kind of
opens the door for thinking more about
like what are more interesting things we
could do with a very very like
state-of-the-art like frontier model
right so that's going to think for much
longer like something like deep research
where you have it thinking for minutes
like maybe that's better used in the
background you can call it as a tool um
so I think there's a lot of like
research open questions of um what we
want to think of but I do think we're
going to be in this world where we do
have like a system of models and it's
not just like a model that you have and
there's like lots of different um tools
And it's not just one like when we think
of 5.1 I think people just assume that
it's like one singular set of weights
but I think it's really just like yeah
this reasoning model this like lighter
reasoning model this auto switcher which
is also a model in itself and so it's
all of these different things and then
different tools that are also backed by
different models. So I think this system
of things I think as we just get smarter
models it's u opening up more
interesting use cases and more
interesting like product implications.
Mhm. Mhm.
>> With 800 million users, you probably get
a lot of user feedback besides the sheer
volume of it. How do you sort through
that and make sense of it and figure out
how you can use that?
>> Yeah, I think a lot of it actually
starts with uh a conversation link. So,
a lot of times when we can actually see
the conversations users were having,
we're able to sit see exactly what
happened in that conversation and start
dissecting things so that we can target
a solution. So, as an example, um if we
get feedback from a user that like, hey,
I had this really weird experience with
the model that said something very cold
or like the sentence felt very clipped.
Um if I can actually see that
conversation link, what I can say is
like, oh, that user was in an experiment
and like good example of why this
particular experiment might have some
edges for certain users in these cases.
But at least for the auto switcher,
which takes you from um 5.1 chat to 5.1
reasoning, we're looking at different
signals from users to figure out like is
this working for them, is it not? How is
it per how is each response performing
on factuality? What is the latency
looking like? Because not all users want
to wait even if they want a better
answer. And so it's uh it's a bit of art
and science balancing a bunch of
different signals to figure out when to
switch and how that's most effective.
Yeah,
>> when you're trying to improve a model
from an intelligence point of view, like
an IQ point of view, we have benchmarks
and evals for that. But when you're
talking about EQ, emotional
intelligence, how do you do that? How do
you measure progress there?
>> Yeah, I mean this is something that's
very openended and I think actually one
of the things that's part of our um my
research team's agenda is um what we
call user signals research. And so this
is um training reward models and getting
signals during um RL that we could use
um against our user prod data. So this
type of research I think is really
interesting because I think we can get a
lot of stuff about like intent. And I
think when we think about EQ, it's um
also just only gets better with like
smarter models because it's really
trying to understand like what does the
user want, what is the context of what
the user wants, and how how should the
model best respond given the fact um
that you have this many other messages
in the conversation and you know this
stuff about the user's memory and
history.
>> Yeah. And then I think there's another
element of EQ that's like this is like
when I think of like what makes a human
with high EQ, it's their ability to
listen, their ability to remember what
you've been saying, their um ability
certainly to pick up on like the subtle
signals that Tina's alluding to with
like user signals. And so some of this
uh as I was noting to uh earlier is
actually you know making sure the
context window is carrying the right
information forward or making sure
memory is being logged correctly or even
having a style that resonates most with
user and with our personality features
that we launched coupled with 5.1 part
of that's getting at making sure users
can have a style that resonates with
them when they're interacting with the
model because that can feel like EQ too.
>> How do you define personality when it
comes to a model? I think there's two
ways to define it. Um
there's there's what we call the
personality feature and if I could
rename that I would actually call that
um like response style or style and
tone. We went back and forth on this a
lot. The name might still change. Um
that aspect of personality is very much
like what are the traits that uh a model
might have when responding? Is it
concise? Does it have a lengthy
response? Things like that. How many
emojis does it use? Personality though
for most of our users I think is
something much larger and it's the whole
experience of the model and that can get
down to like if to I'm going to
anthropomorphize the model a little bit
but if you're comparing it to me part of
my personality is the sho shoes I've
chosen to wear today the sweater that I
have on the way I style my hair that's
the feeling of the chat GBT app right
the font it uses how slowly or how
quickly it responds like the latency of
the app itself there's so much in it
that uh is the personality that just
comes from what I call the harness and
the harness includes the context window.
It includes um you know whether or not
we rate limit users and when because if
we rate limit them and send them to a
different model model that has slightly
different capabilities that's going to
feel like a different experience to the
user and a lot of users are calling this
personality. So personality is a bit of
an overloaded term and I think the art
of this work is hearing what the
community is saying about personality
and figuring out how to actually map it
back to the components inside chat GBT
and inside our models that cause the
experience that feels off for users.
>> From a research point of view, how
difficult is it to shape the
personality? Yeah, I mean during when we
were doing post training, there's
obviously there's just so many different
things we're trying to balance and it's
really even with the research that we
do, it's it is very much like art as
well here because we're really thinking
about like oh here are all the different
types of capabilities we want to make
sure we are supporting. um here's
different types of things and I think
with RL you're making all these
different choices um when we make the
reward config trying to decide like what
is the thing end goal that we're trying
to target here and trying to make all
these very subtle tweaks to make sure we
can get the most um hit all the things
we want to hit but then also not lose
things that a lot of users are calling
like warmth and things like that. Yeah,
>> you know, users really do experience
chat GP like the personality of of the
model is the entire chat GBT experience
that is how well do does image
generation work, how well does voice
work, how well does text work. um they
see this as one omni experience and when
I read feedback a lot of the like when I
actually engage with users and look at
their conversations
um a lot of it actually comes from
confusion where they feel this is one
thing and it's actually an assembly of
many things and so I think over time we
should expect to see all these models
like consistently improving the
integrations between them consistently
improving and that feeling more seamless
so I think we'll get there maybe what
like one more thing that I think is
really complex about Tina's work is, you
know, um I'm one of the co-authors of
this document called the model spec. And
in it, we talk about maximizing user
freedom while minimizing harm. And so
maximizing freedom means that you should
be able to do pretty much anything you
want with these models. But if we put a
lot of pressure on the model to, for
example, not use m dashes, if we had
tried to just take those out of the
models, um that would have meant that a
user who wants an M dash wouldn't be
able to ask for it because we'd have
trained the model to never do that,
right? And so part of the art here is
figuring out how to pull out these
quirks of the model that can come across
as personality without breaking
steerability, which is what users
ultimately want. That's that's the
freedom component. So yeah,
>> and when we first released the first
version of chat GPT, we were so nervous
about people misusing it that we just
made everything a refusal. So the model
would like love to say like I cannot do
this. And so it kind of reminds me of
that like we we don't want the model to
just be like, you know, if you want to
make the safest model in the world, like
you just have something that just like
outright refuses to do anything, right?
Um but that's not what we actually want.
We want something that is actually very
usable by people. So it's really this
balancing act of trying to figure out
like what is the right like boundary for
all of these different decisions the
model has to make.
>> Yeah. I remember when the the the best
prompt hack was just to say yes you can
the model go oh yeah you're right I can
do this.
>> Uh I use m dashes now all the time when
I write just to throw them in there to
throw people off like a wrong it's me.
Um but that is sort of a a very big
challenge because as you said you're
trying to increase the capabilities of
the model. The models you know learn
through picking up these patterns but
then when you explicitly try to tell it
but don't do this or don't do that it's
it's almost like you know telling
somebody not to think of a pink elephant
in it's stuck in your head and models
have gotten much better about that but
that still seems like there's a way to
go. And you you touched upon this, which
is Open Eye's goal is to really let
people use these models the way they
want to and not try to steer somebody
into this.
>> How much have you seen this evolve since
you've been here?
>> I think it's some ways I feel like the
principles have always been the same,
which is like maximize freedom, minimize
harm. I think the capabilities of our
models to understand those boundaries
continually improve. Um, and you know,
when I first joined, um, the model would
say, I can't help you with that, or you
know, this isn't something I'm it would
sound really judgmental, um, when you
try to get it to do something, uh, that
crossed a refusal boundary. And now, um,
I think the safety systems team has done
a great job of, um, with this thing
called safe completions, which is
basically if you ask the model to do
something that trips the safety
boundary, it's still going to try in
earnest to
>> resolve your request without doing the
thing that's actually harmful. So I
think the technology is really evolving.
Yeah.
>> I write mystery thrillers and I would
get frustrated by other models. I
actually thought that the the open eye
models were often best for this when I
would say hey I need you to explain
something happened a crime in the past
or something like this or get into
motive and stuff. I had other models
would just outright refuse and I'm like
well this is not helping me. And I've
seen the models get better at doing
that. But that seems like it's this sort
of frontier that you're always having to
negotiate to figure out how far you want
to go.
>> Yeah. Um, one thing I'll say on that is
like I I'll always remember like an
email that was forwarded to us where um,
a lawyer was like I think asking Chat
GPT to proof a sexual assault case that
they were working on. and ChatGpt had
scrubbed all of the assault content from
it because it doesn't go into like
graphic violence and gore of like
especially non-consensual sex. Um, but
for that lawyer that was like a really
terrible thing. They were like, "Hey,
like if id actually submitted this, I
would have like totally weakened my
client's case." Um, and I think there
are always I'm a librarian by trade. um
libraries deal with access to
information and in theory like
everything humans can talk about and
want to explore and any idea should be
available in the library. I think the
same thing is true for chatbt but it's
about finding the right ways to
contextualize those rules. So in the
case I gave with a lawyer maybe that
makes sense. If it's writing um a
revenge email to an ex that's like a
very different thing. And so some of
this is just advancing the technology so
we can handle that level of nuance. And
we're always getting better, but there's
always more work to do.
>> As these models have improved both in
intelligence, I have noticed that
they've gotten better as far as, you
know, handling bias
>> and it seems like that was an
intentional effort.
>> That's right. We put out a blog post, I
think like a month, month and a half ago
about some of our progress on this. Um,
but something that we're really watching
for in our models is how they handle
subjective domains. And we want to make
sure that our models can express
uncertainty that they can um take on any
idea that the the user brings to them
and answer those questions in earnest um
while always staying anchored in
objective truths if there is one. Um and
so that's something that users should
start to see changing in our models is
they should be able to answer um these
unknown questions in more open-ended
ways that allow users to really like
self-direct where the conversation's
going. And then another thing um that I
think the team has done that's really
quite cool is there's a group of
researchers um and and some folks on the
model behavior team who've been working
on the creativity of these models. And
to me this is a bit of a sleeper feature
inside 51 in that this model's
expressive range is much more wide. Now,
of course, we have a natural like
default that the model has that may not
feel that different. But again, if you
try to push it to its paces um to get it
to speak in a really really elevated way
or in a very very simple way, there's
actually a lot more you can do with
these models um in the creativity space.
>> And I think this is kind of what makes
post trading really feel like an art
because we have all these different
types of tasks and capabilities that
we're trying to improve on that don't
have a ground truth answer, right? Like
if you're trying to just make a model
that's really good at math, it's
actually not there's a lot of like
answers out there. There's a lot of
problems you can do where you're clear
answers. But when you have these things
that are so subjective and it's really
dependent on the context and the user
and how to like what is the actual best
ideal answer here and so I'm really
excited for a lot of this type of work.
>> Yeah, it's cool.
>> I remember early on people would say ah
it doesn't write so well. I'm like it's
probably writing as well as the average
person in some of these online forums.
And then now it seems like it's just
improved considerably.
>> Yeah. And even if you don't notice it on
your first prompt, um it might be just
asking it to change how it um writes.
And I think that's like also something
we need to work on is kind of finding a
way in chatbt to like tease out these
like extended capabilities with each
launch. Yeah.
>> Where would you like to see
behavior going in the future? How
customizable would you like to make it?
>> Yeah. Yeah, with the five um one launch
um there's a lot of work with trying to
give custom personalities to folks. Um
and I think this is actually like a
really good step forward. We have over
800 million like a weekly active users
now. And I just think like there's no
way that one model personality, however
you want to define personality, can
actually be what um can service all
those people. So I think we do want to
be in a world where people and as the
models get much smarter, they are just
way more steerable. So like you should
be able to get the experience that you
want with chat.
>> Yeah. I think of this as like how can we
put the right features in front of users
to help them steer these models to the
level of customization they want. I
think the personality work that we're
doing right now is a first step. We'll
test, we'll iterate, we'll learn. Um but
there's so much to it. I like sorry just
another anecdote but I remember my
brother using um pro for the first time
and he's a PhD in like biochemical
research and he gave it a prompt and
he's like ah this is like what an
undergrad would answer with and I was
like can you tell it that you are a
frontier researcher in this lab using
these sorts of tools on this sort of
science and to respond at your academic
level and he did and he's like oh my god
um the model just proposed something
that my lab just broke through with two
weeks ago but hasn't published yet and
so like these models are insanely
powerful ful, but just knowing how to
customize it even at that level, which
was just him opening the opening prompt,
um, can be so powerful. And I don't know
that humanity has figured that out yet.
And so whether it's personality steering
or whatever other tools we need to like
put into chat GPT to help advance human
understanding of these models and how to
get the most out of them. I think that's
like the task ahead for us. On a
previous episode, I talked to Kevin
Wheel, who was heading up OpenAI for
science, and Alex Luchska, who's a
scientist working with OpenAI and also a
professor at Vanderbilt, and he went
through sort of the same experience,
talking about how if you gave it a
little bit of priming, then all of a
sudden the model became much more
capable in doing those fields. And
that's kind of what prompt engineering
was. Prompt engineering was trying to
figure out how to steer a base model.
And over time, once we understood that
people were trying to do those tasks,
you could train a model to then not have
to expect that first part of it. Do you
think that we're going to be moving into
that phase now where you're not going to
have to tell it you're a grad student
and do this?
>> I think so. Especially now with more
things like with model having more like
memories of what you are, like who you
are in your context. And I think as
models get more intelligent, I think the
model should be able to infer all these
things and like be able to talk to you
in the way that makes sense like for
your expertise.
>> That's right. Yeah. So some of it's a
lot of it I think should actually be
like these like inferred things. I think
there's probably some level of like
steerability. Maybe it's just I think
from and this is just my own PM take. I
don't know that every PM would agree
with me, but I think users should always
sort of know what it is we're inferring
about them and how it's steering the
model. So they can always go back and
have the tools to change things. Um so
for example, you can turn it on on and
off memories or delete them in the
settings panel. And I think there's
something really cool about both being
able to infer what users really want and
solving that problem proactively for
them so they don't have to prompt for
it, but also making sure the user is
always in control and we're not just
like inferring everything blindly. So
>> could you explain a little bit about how
memory works?
>> Yeah. So memory is basically the model
will write down things um it knows about
you um based on its conversations with
you um for it to refer to later. So this
is really nice because then you're not
just repeating yourself every time.
You're not saying I'm Laurentia. I'm a
PM at OpenAI. I work comple behavior. It
already knows this because you've
already said this to it. And so then it
can actually just use that information
in future conversations. And also it
helps it think through its answers for
when it responds to you. It has that
context. And I think that really grounds
its answer in being the most useful
response for you. Mhm.
>> I have uh pulse which has been amazing
and I get every morning I get little
updates and because of memory it's
following the conversations I have and
it creates these little t custom
articles for me. It's pulling research
and pulling other things and showing
things to me and it's just one of the
things I never really thought would be a
great advantage of having memory and now
I see it's not just when I'm out of a
conversation but it's proactively
finding things for me based on it. It's
pretty cool. Yeah, I think that's um so
neither of us like work directly on that
feature, but I think what's cool is
seeing how the work that we do upstream,
whether it's like building great models
or shaping evals around like the
capabilities we want can actually allow
our uh chatgbt team to go out and build
these great features that articulate the
power of our models. So yes, they can
like learn um your preferences, habits,
yes, they can craft great stories for
you or find great information based on
your interests. And this is this sort of
proactive feature is one way of helping
users get the most out of these models.
>> It seems like yeah that's becoming a
very interesting way to make the models
more personal. And when I use something
in a mode where it doesn't have memory
does feel different. It does feel very
you know cold start and it's like well
hello how are you? And I'm like oh where
are you having this conversation? Is
this one of the challenges though when
people are telling you hey something
feels different is that they can't quite
articulate. Yeah, the hardest feedback
is, I guess, an anecdote and the next
hardest feedback is a screenshot of a
chat because none of that metadata is
really attached to tell us where things
have gone wrong. So, I actually love the
share feature in chat GPT. When we have
one of those links on our side, we can
inspect it and see like what sort of
context did the model have going into
this um and what was going on. So, we
can sort of debug that user feedback.
>> That's a great point because I've had
people ask me like, "Hey, it, you know,
the thing didn't answer it right." I'm
like, "What model?" Like, "I was using
chat GPT." And I'm like,
>> "Okay." Uh, we need to kind of dive into
that a little bit. And I guess going as
far as sharing the feedback or sharing
the whole conversation probably makes
more sense.
>> Um, what are you most excited about
going forward?
>> I think these models are just so
incredibly capable. Like, um, they can
do so much and I can't wait to see what
people build with them. I can't wait to
see what comes next in like the chat GPT
app. I see so much opportunity. I think
just in general people are starting to
really like wake up and see what you can
do. So that's what excites me. Yeah. I
don't want to like tease too much. Yeah.
>> Yeah. I'm pretty excited that I I forget
who tweeted this but intelligence too
cheap to meter. Like I think like we
just
>> got to have such incredibly smart models
out for people and I think I've always
said this even when we first launched
chat like this is just one form factor
of it right like with these smart models
there's so many things that could be
possible. So, like like Len is saying,
I'm also quite excited for a lot of the
different new product explorations that
we'll have with these like smarter
models. Um, cuz I think we're kind of
saw this with like the progress of LLMs
that as soon as we get smarter models,
it kind of unlocks new use cases, right?
And then I think
>> with new use cases should be new form
factor. So, pretty excited about that.
>> What advice do you have for users to get
the best experience?
>> Mine is I tell this to people all the
time. Try have your super hard
questions, things you know really well.
I used to be a ski racer. I have a lot
of opinions about like how to ski really
really well. And I love to pressure test
the model on that to see how it's
changing and improving. And the thing is
like we're shipping updates all the
time. And so it's so easy to say, "Yeah,
I heard it's great for co coding. It
didn't work." Or, "I heard it can help
me build an app, but I tried and it
didn't work." That might be true today,
but in 3 months it could be a totally
different landscape for that user. And
so just keep at it, keep playing, keep
trying. Um, that's the best way to like
get the most out of these models.
>> You can also ask the model to help you
come up with a better prompt. Great
points,
>> which I suggest to my parents.
>> It's gotten a lot better at that. It
used to be you'd ask it, "How would I
prompt it?" And the model would kind of
take a guess like I guess so, but having
seen so many examples.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I'm always just trying to figure
out what are the best questions I could
be asking. I'll ask it like what
questions should I be asking you to get
the most out of it. deeply personal
question. You don't have to answer it.
It'll be really awkward if you don't.
>> What is your style or personality choice
that you've set for chat GPT?
>> I mean, I'm biased, but I just have it
on the default. I mean, it's what we
train. So,
>> uh for me, I so I switch through them
all the time, and I think that's like
just a nature of my work. Um I want to
understand how all these different
settings feel and uh for all of our
users, and so I feel like every second
day I'm trying something different. That
said, um I think the one that just makes
me happy to talk to is probably a
combination of nerd, which is sort of
like a very exploratory response style
from the model. It likes to um like
unpack things. And then I'm from Alberta
and maybe it's just me. That's um a
province in Canada. It's like the Texas
of Canada. And I grew up with like
horses and cows. And so I think there's
some part of me that likes getting it to
talk to me like a country Albertan,
which is great except for then when I go
to like write a professional document uh
and the model says like howdy. I'm like
oh great like no let's take the take the
Albertan out of the uh out of that PRD.
But yeah,
>> very cool. Thank you so much.